capital = 1135

OOB = "ALB_1934"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritharian
	last_election = "1934.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	national_socialist = 0
	socialist = 3
	democratic_socialist = 3
	social_democracy = 3
	social_liberal = 3
	conservative = 3
	authoritharian = 78
	reactionary = 7
	pelekist = 0
}
set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = ALB_king_zog
recruit_character = ALB_ali_bey_kelcyra
recruit_character = ALB_ali_bey_kelcyra
recruit_character = ALB_xhemal_aranitasi
recruit_character = ALB_abaz_kupi
recruit_character = ALB_ismael_ghaxa
recruit_character = ALB_hajre_fetahu
recruit_character = ALB_xhelal_mitrovica
recruit_character = ALB_selim_moishiou
recruit_character = ALB_kol_bibe_mirakaj
recruit_character = ALB_qemal_komani
recruit_character = ALB_prenk_pervizi
recruit_character = ALB_alexander_mori
recruit_character = ALB_aziz_sulejmani
recruit_character = ALB_kristo_cajupi
recruit_character = ALB_eqrem_libohova
recruit_character = ALB_zuhdi_shabani
recruit_character = ALB_rexhep_mitrovica
recruit_character = ALB_hasan_begolli
recruit_character = ALB_fiqri_dine
recruit_character = ALB_midhat_frasheri
recruit_character = ALB_jocelyn_percy