capital = 126


puppet = MAL
puppet = BRJ
puppet = SAF
puppet = AST
puppet = NZL
puppet = CAN
puppet = EGY

set_research_slots = 4

set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.1

# Starting tech 
set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	
	trench_warfare = 1

	
	fleet_in_being = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		sonar = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		improved_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_fire_control_system = 1
	}
}
	

set_convoys = 800


if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }

	add_to_tech_sharing_group = commonwealth_research
}



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = social_democracy
	last_election = "1933.7.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	national_socialist = 5
	socialist = 15
	democratic_socialist = 5
	social_democracy = 23
	social_liberal = 14
	conservative = 14
	authoritharian = 6
	reactionary = 16
	pelekist = 2
}

recruit_character = ENG_george_v
recruit_character = ENG_edward_viii
recruit_character = ENG_ernle_chatfield
recruit_character = ENG_alan_brooke
recruit_character = ENG_bernard_montgomery
recruit_character = ENG_claude_auchinleck
recruit_character = ENG_neil_ritchie
recruit_character = ENG_alan_cunningham
recruit_character = ENG_william_slim
recruit_character = ENG_richard_oconnor
recruit_character = ENG_william_platt
recruit_character = ENG_george_giffard
recruit_character = ENG_harold_alexander
recruit_character = ENG_jackie_smyth
recruit_character = ENG_thomas_jacomb_hutton
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_percival
recruit_character = ENG_merton_beckwithsmith
recruit_character = ENG_henry_pownall
recruit_character = ENG_john_vereker_lord_gort
recruit_character = ENG_henry_wilson
recruit_character = ENG_william_gott
recruit_character = ENG_jock_campbell
recruit_character = ENG_oliver_leese
recruit_character = ENG_miles_dempsey
recruit_character = ENG_brian_horrocks
recruit_character = ENG_archibald_wavell
recruit_character = ENG_james_fownes_somerville
recruit_character = ENG_henry_harwood
recruit_character = ENG_andrew_cunningham
recruit_character = ENG_bruce_fraser
recruit_character = ENG_john_tovey
recruit_character = ENG_bernard_rawlings
recruit_character = ENG_john_cunningham
recruit_character = ENG_charles_forbes
recruit_character = ENG_algernon_willis
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_power

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Variants ###
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "O/P/R Class"
		type = submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			sub_engine_upgrade = 2
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 2
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "S Class"
		type = submarine_1
		parent_version = 1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			sub_engine_upgrade = 0
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 2
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "A/B/C/D Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 1
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 2
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Light Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Emerald Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			ship_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 2
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Amphion Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			ship_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 3
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "County Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			ship_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_armor_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	# Battlecruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Admiral Class"
		type = battle_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_armor_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 2
		}
	}
	# Battleships #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nelson Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_armor_upgrade = 3
			ship_gun_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Queen Elizabeth Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	### Variants ###
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "O/P/R Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = ENG_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "S Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = ENG_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "A/B/C/D Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "E/F/G/H Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "V/W Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "S Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Light Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "C-Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Danae Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Emerald Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leander Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Adventure Class"						# cruiser minelayer
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_MINELAYERS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Town Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			}
		}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "County Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "York Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hawkins Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Battlecruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Renown Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BC_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Battlecruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Admiral Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BC_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "G3 Design"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BC_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Battleships #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nelson Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Queen Elizabeth Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Revenge Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Eagle Class"
		type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_bb
		name_group = ENG_CV_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hermes Class"
		type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_ca
		name_group = ENG_CVL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = empty
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Courageous Class"
		type = ship_hull_carrier_conversion_bb
		name_group = ENG_CV_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ark Royal Class"
			type = ship_hull_carrier_1
			name_group = ENG_CV_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
			}
		}
	
}