capital = 784

oob = "LIT_1934"

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "LIT_1934_air_bba"
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "LIT_1934_air_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
	samogitian_identity
	semi_loyal_military
	pelekists_rising
	pearl_of_stability
	LIT_aleksandras_stulginskis_hog
	LIT_jokubas_sernas_im
	LIT_voldemaras_vytautas_fm
	LIT_juozas_paknys_em
	LIT_stasys_rastikis_dm
}

set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_train = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_technology = {
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			aa_lmg = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			early_bombs = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}

set_convoys = 10

recruit_character = LIT_kazys_ladiga
recruit_character = LIT_vincas_vitkauskas
recruit_character = LIT_aleksandras_stulginskis
recruit_character = LIT_antanas_smetona
recruit_character = LIT_antanas_snieckus
recruit_character = LIT_augustinas_voldemaras
recruit_character = LIT_kazys_grinius
recruit_character = LIT_kazys_skirpa
recruit_character = LIT_jonas_cernius
recruit_character = LIT_mikas_reklaitis
recruit_character = LIT_stasys_rastikis
recruit_character = LIT_povilas_plechavicius
recruit_character = LIT_kazys_musteikis
recruit_character = LIT_juozas_barzda_bradauskas
recruit_character = LIT_edvardas_adamkavicius
recruit_character = LIT_julius_caplikas
recruit_character = LIT_adomas_daugirdas
recruit_character = LIT_juozas_andzejauskas
recruit_character = LIT_ignas_adamkavicius
recruit_character = LIT_jurgis_dobkevicius
recruit_character = LIT_jonas_berzanskis
recruit_character = LIT_visuomis
recruit_character = LIT_vladas_mironas


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = conservative
	last_election = "1933.7.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	national_socialist = 0
	socialist = 0
	democratic_socialist = 6
	social_democracy = 22
	social_liberal = 7
	conservative = 33
	authoritharian = 12
	reactionary = 12
	pelekist = 8
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "ANBO IV" #
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
}