capital = 10

oob = "POL_1934"

set_research_slots = 3

set_stability = 0.63
set_war_support = 0.58


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritharian
	last_election = "1926.6.7"
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	national_socialist = 0
	socialist = 17
	democratic_socialist = 13
	social_democracy = 7
	social_liberal = 0
	conservative = 15
	authoritharian = 31
	reactionary = 12
	pelekist = 5
}

set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	gwtank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_submarine = 1	
	trench_warfare = 1
}

add_opinion_modifier = { target = SOV modifier = embargo }

set_convoys = 20


add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
	pol_cypher_bureau
	pol_colonels
	pol_depression
	POL_jozef_pilsudzki
	POL_felicjan_slawoj_skladkowski_im
	POL_jozef_beck_rob_fm
	POL_eugeniusz_kwiatkowski_em
	POL_ignacy_matuszewski_dm
}

recruit_character = POL_wincenty_witos
recruit_character = POL_roman_dmowski
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_gomulka
recruit_character = POL_boleslaw_bierut
recruit_character = POL_jozef_pilsudski
recruit_character = POL_walery_slawek
recruit_character = POL_eustachy_sapieha
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_sikorski
recruit_character = POL_tadeusz_rozwadowski
recruit_character = POL_edward_rydzsmigly
recruit_character = POL_zbigniew_antonowicz
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_sosabowski
recruit_character = POL_witold_pilecki
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_anders
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_magnuszewski
recruit_character = POL_artur_gorski
recruit_character = POL_henryk_dobrzanski
recruit_character = POL_kazimierz_sosnkowski
recruit_character = POL_juliusz_rommel
recruit_character = POL_tadeusz_piskor
recruit_character = POL_waclaw_stachiewicz
recruit_character = POL_antoni_szylling
recruit_character = POL_bolesaw_wieniawa_dugoszewski
recruit_character = POL_jozef_unrug
recruit_character = POL_kazimierz_porebski
recruit_character = POL_jerzy_swirski
recruit_character = POL_felix_dzerzhinsky
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_szukalski
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_kolodziej
recruit_character = POL_jan_stachniuk

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "PZL P.24"
	type = fighter_equipment_0
	upgrades = {
		plane_gun_upgrade = 3
		plane_range_upgrade = 0  
		plane_engine_upgrade = 1
		plane_reliability_upgrade = 3
	}
}
