capital = 763

set_research_slots = 3

oob = "PRS_1934"


if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "PRS_1934_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "PRS_1934_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	early_battleship = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_technology = {
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			aa_lmg = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			early_bombs = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_dp_light_battery = 1
		cruiser_submarines = 1
	}
}

recruit_character = PRS_erich_raeder
recruit_character = PRS_wilhelm_keitel
recruit_character = PRS_alfred_jodl
recruit_character = PRS_wilhelm_ritter_von_leeb
recruit_character = PRS_heinz_guderian
recruit_character = PRS_ernst_junger
recruit_character = PRS_konrad_adenauer
recruit_character = PRS_wilhelm_buck
recruit_character = PRS_friedrich_wilhelm_iii
recruit_character = PRS_alfred_rosenberg
recruit_character = PRS_wilhelm_pieck
recruit_character = PRS_kurt_schumacher
recruit_character = PRS_heinrich_brüning
recruit_character = PRS_ernst_cassirer
recruit_character = PRS_walther_von_brauchitsch
recruit_character = PRS_wilhelm_heye
recruit_character = PRS_friedrich_paulus
recruit_character = PRS_karl_donitz
recruit_character = PRS_walter_model
recruit_character = PRS_walther_nehring
recruit_character = PRS_fedor_von_bock
recruit_character = PRS_willy_langkeit
recruit_character = PRS_hermann_von_der_lieth
recruit_character = PRS_karl_bodenschatz
recruit_character = PRS_heinrich_danckelmann
recruit_character = PRS_gerd_von_rundstedt
recruit_character = PRS_gunther_von_kluge
recruit_character = PRS_georg_von_kuchler

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritharian
	last_election = "1933.7.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	national_socialist = 0
	socialist = 0
	democratic_socialist = 0
	social_democracy = 5
	social_liberal = 8
	conservative = 15
	authoritharian = 40
	reactionary = 10
	pelekist = 22
}

set_convoys = 300

add_ideas = {
PRS_the_great_depression
minority_troubles
weak_king
prussian_army
prussian_high_command
limited_conscription
isolation
PRS_hindenburg_hog
PRS_erich_kochweser_im
PRS_theodor_duesterberg_fm
PRS_hjalmar_schacht_em
PRS_otto_gessler_dm
}